whats up guys its America's boss 94
today is sep tember third and the
stealth release the stuff threes so
that's what I'm coming here today with I
have to pick ups actually and then some
socks and shoes so I'll just get this
over a clasp clicks are vets and black
laces for the stalls these are the
rounded ones i realized that i left so
oval these are the flat ones but i have
flat black one so i'll just take them
off another shoes i have then i got some
elite the nike elite masculine sucks i
got the blue take the robe blue green
and the burgundy whatever gonna call
those three socks and shoes it at chance
and then um stop threes bring my camera
closer um
pretty much you've seen these like all
of that so that's really say much but
some people hating them and some people
like them I like them I think they're
pretty like clean looking and nice i
plus it's getting to become winter time
and so you don't over like true blues
and stuff white when it starts to snow
and get nasty out so these are nice shoe
to wear um I don't know there's like
some stuff that like sticks to this top
of the shoe I don't want a little
particles of something but yeah I don't
like the white laces so when I do wear
them I'll be trading them for blood and
then you got the tongue drop me into
thread back side front with the like
snake print it's above the cement print
and they got the white stitching bottom
yeah those are I like I'm not even cool
people have different opinions so that's
why you should give up your life then
yesterday friday i got the air
foamposite pro the pine green and black
satin half at least one foot action
there only store in the whole district
of relative to get home and they got 12
pair so one never side is and I'd away
for from 2am about 1 30 to 10 a.m. till
they open the store to get
but those weren't the way I paid 207
ain't clothes everything total for these
and though the styles i paid like 163
for so i'm not sure the scene is but
anyways here they are already had i'm in
plastic a plastic bag that's why there
is no tissue in there so if you hear
weird noise my dogs like panting oh this
is the shoe this shoe I've been waiting
this are my first pair of foamposite so
I'm really excited about him um I
honestly like love this color oh I saw
the like the first time I ever heard
about these rap sheet I never knew about
these till I saw those what were they
the blue ones that came out not the
royal blue or they called I don't know
but they're like the light blue that
everyone liked I think they came at the
summer i'm not sure but i don't actually
like the color i like more I don't like
colors that stick out so this is more
discreet and like dark and instead of
loud and bright but i like how one in
the sunlight they change color like a
can't i see if like to a purplish red i
don't even know the cool too i think
swoosh and then the different grain on
the time up to the air sign
and two stripes so small piles on the
back with the stripes on the inside
swoosh on the back again the mesh lining
and the tongue this is nike air inside
bottom is really nice the carbon fiber I
like that I'm not stoked about the
quality because you can see like Sheree
to this part of the icy part it's like
dripped onto the carbon fiber likes me
returning and I don't like that but
whatever it's a Nike earth it's kind of
cool um a little in shirts I think
that's all this I just and these are the
ones that actually have the Ovilus that
i bought the sides kind of better you
can see where they're kind of messed up
like here you can see like the glue it
there this side again whatever there's I
was the second person online the person
for me about a 13 so and then there's
tons of people behind us but only three
people didn't get shoes I guess it was
okay and it's because two of the
employees bought the shoes that we
needed for those three people um so when
they bought those shoes then we had it
all worked out where everyone was good
to get the size and one and then they
bought to the shoes of 12 and 11 half
and then it messed up our whole order
but oh well
here we get out of the stuff threes in
the dark pine foamposites well they say
pine but everyone calls them dark pine
sol it all right rate comment and
subscribe and thanks for watching